---
title: 'Health Management System using Edge Computing'
date: September 2021
date_display: "September 2021"
featured_image: '/images/mask_p1.jpg'
excerpt: Device to detect if person is wearing mask and having healthy heart rate using M5Stack Core2, ESP32CAM, AWS IoT and Edge Impulse
---



## Purpose

After the pandemic most of the offices will start for on-site work and schools will start, during this time we also need to take care if any employee or student is having correct body temperature and is wearing mask. Instead of hiring someone and risk their life to check temperature and mask for so much employees and students is tough task.

So to solve this problem we want to create a device which monitors their heart rate and checking are they wearing a mask using Edge Impulse model on AWS IoT Edukit and Embedded Camera.
 

## Team


## Working

All the Computer Vision are completely processed over ESP32 Cam using Deep Learning model. The Mask Detection model is trained on Edge Impulse and the generated library is used in ESP32 CAM.

Flow:

* The IR Distance sensor will check when user is standing in front of Device and start camera and heart sensor
* Read the Image and inference it on Mask Model.
* Check whether Employee/Person is wearing Mask using Mask Classification Model trained on Edge Impulse
* Send Predictions to M5Core2 using UART communication.
* Then Check the Pulse Rate using Pulse Sensor and send to M5Core2 to display on screen.
* If results are showing that Person is not healthy then that case will be reported to admin using AWS IoT and SMTP via SES.

## Product Prototype


[Report]()

